why doesn't an optical mouse work on a glass table? or even on some surfaces? optical mice use an led and a camera to rapidly capture images of the surface beneath the mouse.  the infomation from the camera is analyzed by a dsp (digital signal processor) and used to detect imperfections in the underlying surface and determine motion. some materials, such as glass, mirrors or other very shiny, uniform surfaces interfere with the ability of the dsp to accurately analyze the surface beneath the mouse.   since glass is transparent and very uniform, the mouse is unable to pick up enough imperfections in the underlying surface to determine motion.  mirrored surfaces are also a problem, since they constantly reflect back the same image, causing the dsp not to recognize motion properly. when the system is unable to see surface changes associated with movement, the mouse will not work properly.	4
what is the best off-road motorcycle trail ? long-distance trail throughout ca i hear that the mojave road is amazing! search for it online.	5
what is trans fat? how to reduce that? i heard that tras fat is bad for the body.  why is that? where can we find it in our daily food? trans fats occur in manufactured foods during the process of partial hydrogenation, when hydrogen gas is bubbled through vegetable oil to increase shelf life and stabilize the original polyunsatured oil. the resulting fat is similar to saturated fat, which raises "bad" ldl cholesterol and can lead to clogged arteries and heart disease.  until very recently, food labels were not required to list trans fats, and this health risk remained hidden to consumers. in early july, fda regulations changed, and food labels will soon begin identifying trans fat content in processed foods.	2
how many planes fedex has? i heard that it is the largest airline in the world according to the www.fedex.com web site: air fleet    670 aircraft, including:  47 airbus a300-600s  17 boeing dc10-30s   62 airbus a310-200/300s  36 boeing md10-10s   2 atr 72s  5 boeing md10-30s   29 atr 42s  57 boeing md11s   18 boeing 727-100s  10 cessna 208as   94 boeing 727-200s  246 cessna 208bs   30 boeing dc10-10s  17 fokker f-27s	6
why do people blush when they are embarrassed? why do people blush when they are embarrassed? from ask yahoo... http://ask.yahoo.com/ask/20040113.html <<blushing is a unique blend of evolutionary and social behavior. it's an involuntary reaction of the sympathetic nervous system, which is responsible for our "fight or flight" response, but blushing is solely triggered by social cues.  people generally blush when they're feeling embarrassed, scared, or stressed. as a result of the "fight or flight" response, the capillaries that carry blood to the skin widen, and the increased blood flow lends the face, as well as sometimes the chest, neck, or even the body or legs, a reddened color.  excessive facial blushing, or erythrophobia, is caused by overactivity of the sympathetic nervous system. the condition can cause a lot of psychological duress and has engendered several support groups.  it's common knowledge that animals don't blush. so while there are some evolutionary cues behind blushing, it's also linked to something uniquely human -- moral consciousness.>>	1
is lin qingxia (aka brigitte lin) "the most beautiful woman in chinese cinema?" this is according to stephen chow (http://www.hkentreview.com/2005/features/kfh/kfhprem.html). is it true? who is the best-looking male star? did they make any movies together? well.  everyone has different definition on what 'beauty' is.  i like lin qingxia, but i think many girls are prettier than she was. (she is more than 40 years old now).  if "lin qingxia" is the most beautiful woman in the chinese cinema, the most handsome man in chinese cinema should be "chin han" because they always made movies together. however, a male movie star once was asked his girlfriend in real life or the girlfriend in movie is more beautiful.  he gave a very good answer: "i think my mother is the most beautiful woman in the world."  :)	7
who said the statement below and what does it mean? can someone help me with understanding someone else's wisdom, please?&#xd;" it is very easy in the world to live by the opinion of the world. it is very easy in solitude to be self-centered. but the finished man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. " that is kind of a tricky little quote. sometimes placing it in context can help. this is a quote from ralph waldo emerson's essay "self reliance," which discourages basing one's opinions and actions on common opinion in favor of self-trust (see the full essay at http://www.emersoncentral.com/selfreliance.htm).  i think the point of this quote is that it's very desireable to have one's own original thoughts and opinions, and to live by them.  it's easier to live by one's own convictions and not be persuaded by others when in isolation (that's the "independence of solitude"). however, not so special to isolate oneself from others in order to attain this ideal. because it's difficult to live by one's own thoughts and opinions while being a part of society, it's something only a "finished man" can truly do. also, in the essay, emerson refers to being childlike - unselfish, non-judgmental, open-minded, uncynical, unhesitant - as something to admire. so i think that's where the seemingly misplaced "perfect sweetness" comes in. when a man can remain pure of heart while living in the harsh world and also keeping and living by his own ideals.  what do you think?	3
what is the reason for the increasing divorce percentage in the western world? what is the most common parameter that causing couples to separate imo... our lives are much more complex than our equivalents from 50 years ago and thus it's more likely for married people to grow in different directions over time (values, needs, etc.). add to that how easy and acceptable it is to get a divorce, and how quick we are to dispose of things that we no longer want, and you get an increasing percentage. i wouldn't be surprised if in the not too distant future the average length of a marriage drops to ~5 years and the average number of marriages per person increases to 2+. a parallel to consider: how many different circles of friends do you have and how often have you joined new ones and left others behind over your life? (grade school, high school, college, jobs, etc.). we are a nomadic species. :)	8
is there a good reference for california landlord-tenant law? i want to know what is required of landlords and tenants in california. check out "california tenants:  a guide to residential tenants' and landloards' rights and responsibilities" (listed as a reference below) from the department of consumer affairs.	9
how does the pope get his name? there are many different names. who decide what will be the next pope's name? he selects it himself.	0
