what is a boervrou? this is in a book called disgrace by j.m. coetzee, and i'm supposed to define this word, but i don't know what language the word is in, so i can't find out what it means. i also need the definitions for landliche and kaffir. boer vrou means farmers wife in afrikaans,landliche is ly of the land and kaffir originally means unbeliever in malay but ,today is a derogitary word for negro and you can go to jail for saying it or be shot.like the american word ni**er. in south africa do not use this word in public or not at all.the people take it very seriously.  coetzee is an afrikaans writer( afrikaners are the dutch emigrants in south africa.)and they speak a kind of 16th century dutch,although all afrikaners insist that it is a seperate language. i doubt it you would find a afrikaans dictionary	4	What is rioting? is what Paxo calls a disgrace, and you have to laugh and define the word, but I don't know what the language takes place in, dier than that, I can't find out what it means.
what move had the insane asylum where everyone was given a card? and the person to get the ace of hearts (or something) got to go out into the yard that day? was a fairly recent movie instinct with anthony hopkins and cuba gooding junior	8	What was the image of an orphanage, where everybody was given a card and who had to get an ace of the heart (to the organizers of the event) 豆n the yard that day?
anyone know any non-stimulant treatments for adult adhd? adhd isn't hurting my life (i'm very successful), but i think i could benefit from treatment is the benefits of the treatment supersede the risks. any ideas? wellbutrin has been shown to help with adult adhd, and has very very few side effects.	3	I don't feel bad about taking some of the anti-stimulant drugs I am advised (I am a very successful person), but I do think good treatment [is 圍] going to be better if there are enough drugs available.
how long can someone get for governors warrant from fla over 18 yrs skippin 8 yr prob? how long can someone get for governors warrant 1.  they will have the orginal charge they skipped from.  2.  the skipping is actually a merely failure to appear and is the more minor issue.  3.  if they had 8 year of probation to finish, most likely they would serve those 8 years in jail for it. plus another year or two for failure to appear.  4.  if the person has really done well in life, education, good job and the such, a good attorney may work out a plea for a few years, unless there are new crimes or crimes not sentenced in fl	10	How much time a person with an arrest warrant from a flag over 18 may receive if it is assessed at eight years imprisonment plus a year or two for failure to report offended, if that person has genuinely committed good November conduct, education, a good place to stay, and like that, a good lawyer may obtain an acquittal within a few years when no new crimes or crimes for which he was previously convicted are committed.
cd-rom problem...? my cd-rom doesnt read any cd's but still working...could anyone tell me whats the problem... it's quite possible it just needs to be cleaned. this is the first step i would try to identify the problem. use a laser lens cleaning disc.  dirt and dust can cause it not to read.  if this doesn't work. the next step i would take is to see if it came unplugged inside the computer. this can happen.	5	The problem is CD-ROM...? my CD-ROM doesn't read any CD-ROM but it still works... can anyone tell me why this problem occurred... it is quite conceivable that it needs 69. this is the first step in which I shall try to characterize the creature.
do u like watching tv?   yea, there is a lot of different stuff and shows on tv. something for everyone.	6	I like to watch TV, there's a lot of stuff and a lot of shows on TV.
too funny or too shocking? a man went to a strip club. when he got inside, he noticed a seat conspicuously unoccupied in the front row. seizing the opportunity, he took the seat.   as soon as the first dancer walked out, the guy directly behind him yelled, "yeah, baby! that's what i've been waiting for!"   the man in the front row turned around and gave him a dirty look. a few minutes into the show, the dancer did a move and snatched off her top, revealing two pasties.   the guy behind our friend goes off again: "yeah, baby! shake those things."   our friend turned around and said, "hey, buddy, calm down!"   after a few moments, the dancer did another move and snatched off her dress, revealing a very thin g-string.   again, the man behind our friend yelled out, "oh, baby! you're almost there!"   our friend again turned around and said, "hey, buddy, shut the hell up, will ya!"   a few minutes later, the dancer stretched out on the floor and snatched off both the pasties and the g-string, and the whole club went wild, except for the man behind our friend.   curious, our friend turned around and asked, "say, buddy, where's your enthusiasm now?"   the guy responded, "it's on your back, dude." that was awesome!	9	As soon as the first male dancers walked out, the guy standing behind shouted, "Yeah, that is what I had been waiting for!" The man in the front row turned around and showed his face back up. After a few minutes the dancer managed to encing himself, ripping the top part off his head, unveiling two puppies.
how many feet are in a mile ?   5280 feet in a mile	2	How many feet per mile?
why all this sudden bashing up of the muslims? anti muslim questions everywhere?   because they pose a danger to civilization.	1	Which all of a sudden raises these "anti-imperial issues" elsewhere - because they pose a threat to civilization.
is investment co. of america a good mutual fund? i go through edward jones if anyone has a comment on them as well. okay let's start with american funds which is who runs ica.  af is an awesome fund company for a couple of reasons.  one they are a private company which means they only answer to their mf holders.  unlike a company like fidelity which is a good company also but they are owed by stock holders.  in the long run the company that only answers to you the mf holder is going to look out for your best interest and returns more diligently.  they also have some of the lowest annual fees to maintain an account of any mf company.  all that being said, depending on your situation ica may or may not be good for you.  you need a competent advisor to help you with that.  i would be cautious with ica as it is one of the largest mf in the world.  they may seem like a good thing but it actually can be bad.  it means it has much less flexibility to move its money around when condititon warrant it.  as far as ej goes, they hire people on average who have very little experience in the industry, so at a minimum make sure your rep has a lot of experience and didn't just start last month at this.  they also have agreements with companies like american funds where their reps get a bigger commission to them then they do with other products.  the concern being your advice from ej might be tainted by the reps desire to get more commission.  you need to work with an independant rep to assist you with you decisions.   one who will give you all the information and doesn't have a hidden agenda.  if you want to send me email and tell me what state you're in i probably could refer you to a couple.  good luck.	7	In the aggregate, the company that just answers for you is a terrific fund holder and is going to do fighter's best to look after your interests and promise a more cautious return. They also have some of the lowest annual account management fees any MF company has. All of this, depending on what you say, may not be very good for you.
i want to sort  bids on ebay but don't know how? is there any tool that can do that? yes, on "my ebay", go to "search: items by bidder".  you can enter your own user-id there. then do the search. the resulting data can then be sorted by: item, start, end, price,	title, high bidder, seller.  it is all built into ebay!   don't know why you  would need any more than this.	5	i want to sort bids on ebay but do not know tat. is there any tool that can do that? yes, on "my ebay," go to blame "search: itemapmarking." you can enter your own user-id there. th 과 do the search. the resulting data can then be sorted by: item, start, end, price, title, high bidder, seller! don't know why you would need any more than this.
the inventor of the flashlight, conrad hurbert. was he a coal minner?   i don't think so, c below:-  nvention:  	flashlight in 1902  	 definition: 	noun / flash·light, flashlight, flash-light function: 	a small portable battery-powered electric lamp, typically flashlight consists of a small electric light bulb with associated parabolic reflector, powered by electric batteries, and with an electric power switch patent: 	737,107 (us) issued august 26, 1903 inventor: 	conrad hubert (aka akiba horowitz) 	  criteria: 	first practical. modern prototype. entrepreneur. birth: 	april 15, 1856 in minsk, russia death: 	1928 nationality: 	american (of russian decent)  akiba horowitz born on april 15, 1856 in minsk, russia came to the united states in 1891 and changed his name to conrad hubert. he was flat broke. he did what he could to earn a living.  he worked in a cigar store, ran a restaurant for a while and managed a boarding house. he even tried repairing watches. whatever he did, however, he never made much money. all he wanted was to stop worrying about making ends meet.	2	inventor of the flashlight, Konrad Hurbert. Was he a miner??? I don't think so, from the bottom: invention: flashlight as defined 1902: name-flashlight, flashlight, function of the flashlight: portable electric light bulb on battery lines (usually a small electric light bulb with a accompanying orised parabolic function, powered by batteries, and an electric switch) Patent of: 737.107 (to us) issued on 26 August 1903. Inventor: Conrad hubert (akiba trailing house): first practitioner. Modern prototy寫 entrepreneur: born on 15 April 1856: note: Min Minsk, died: 1928. Nationality: citizen (of decent) akiba sort born on 15 April 1856: Min Min 1856
canadians only? i got a deposit in my bank account today and it said canada rit ? does anyone know what that means? i just got my tax refund, my bank statement said eft which is electronic fund transfer is it your refund? did you sign up for direct deposit?     	 how to arrange for direct deposit or change your information  you can have the following amounts deposited directly into your account at a financial institution in canada:      * your income tax refund,     * your gst/hst credit     * your canada child tax benefit (cctb) payments (including those from certain related provincial or territorial programs).  your direct deposit request will stay in effect until you change the information or cancel the service.  here is how to arrange direct deposit: by mail  with your income tax and benefit return: complete the "direct deposit - start or change" section on your return. if you want your cctb payments deposited in the same account, simply check box 463. if you want it to be deposited in a different account, complete and attach a form t1-dd(1), direct deposit request - individuals, (see below for how to get that form).  at any other time: if you would like to start direct deposit, or to change information you already gave us, complete a form t1-dd(1), direct deposit request - individuals, and mail it to the same tax centre where you sent your income tax and benefit return. in person  you can drop off your completed form t1-dd(1) directly at a tax office. by phone  you can call 1-800-959-8281 if you need help to complete the direct deposit information, or to cancel the direct deposit service.  note: to help prevent fraud, we do not accept changes to your banking information over the telephone. the only changes we can make are to cancel the direct deposit for any of your payments, or to arrange for additional payments to be deposited into an existing direct deposit account. how you can get a form t1-dd(1)  by internet: you can view and print a form t1-dd(1) online or you can download the file onto your computer's hard drive. you can also use our online order form to have a printed copy of a t1-dd(1) form, and other forms and publications, mailed to you.  by phone: you can have a printed copy of a t1-dd(1) form, and other forms and publications, mailed to you by calling 1-800-959-2221.  in person: you can get forms or publication at any tax office. note  if you are changing the account into which we deposit a payment, do not close the old account before we deposit the payment into the new one. if your financial institution advises us that you have a new account, we may deposit your payments into the new account. if, for any reason, we cannot deposit a payment into your account, we will mail a cheque to you at the address we have on file.	7	1. Voluntary deposit applications remain until the date of change of information or the revocation of earlier personal information. Here is how, directly in your bank account, you can receive, by mail, the following amounts of income tax refunds, income interest and interest on deposits, and the ability to transfer the money earned as interest on the deposit (including those associated with the community or local program).
do you need 2 plates on your car in california the car it's '02 i'm second owner and it's never had 2 why?   yes, ca requires two license plates per the vehicle code:  vehicle code  	front license plate bracket 11713.17.    (a) following the retail sale or lease of a motor vehicle for which the department issues two license plates, a dealer may not deliver the motor vehicle unless either of the following occurs:  (1) the motor vehicle is equipped with a bracket or other means of securing a front license plate.  (2) the dealer obtains a signed written acknowledgment from the person taking delivery of the motor vehicle acknowledging both of the following:  (a) the person expressly refused installation of a bracket or other means of securing the front license plate.  (b) the person understands that california law requires a license plate to be displayed from and securely fastened to the front of the motor vehicle and that the hardware necessary to securely fasten the front plate is available from the dealer.  (b) a manufacturer or distributor may not sell or distribute in this state a new motor vehicle for which the department issues two license plates, unless that motor vehicle is equipped or provided with a bracket or other means of securing the license plates.  i have gotten a ticket for not having the front one mounted before. it's very annoying. sign the petition- eradication of california's front license plate http://www.petitiononline.com/caplate/petition.html	6	After the retail sale or false runings of a motor vehicle, against which the Authority issues two registration plates, the offender is not allowed to put the car on the front licence plate if: 1) the vehicle is rigged with a bracket or with another means for securing the front licence plate; 2) the dealer receives from the person responsible for delivering the car a signed order for the mounting of the borstella plate or another means for fixing the front number plate; and 3) the person completely refuses installing the belt or other means, assuring the gene unless another person has any documents.
when using the quadratic formula to solve a quadratic equation (ax2 + bx + c = 0), the discriminant is b2 - 4a   1.	b^2-4ac>0 : b>2sqrt(ac) 2.	b^2-4ac=0 : b=2sqrt(ac) 3.	b^2-4ac<0 : b<2sqrt(ac)  the rest should be a piece of cake.	2	if using quadral formulas to solve the quadrastic equation (ax2 + bx + c = 0), the main opponent will be b2 Ἡb ^ 2-4ac > 0: b > 2sqbH (ac), beb ^ 2-4ac = 0: b = 2sqbh (ac), beb ^ 2-4ac (ac), 0: b), cycles 2sqbH (ac) all the rest should be tart.
